Meow - Adopt a Cat: a Mobile Application for helping homeless cats get a home1. Short descriptionI've always been an animal lover, and it broke my heart to see so many cats living on the streets without a warm and caring family to call their own. However, I also noticed that there was a significant gap in technology when it came to helping people easily connect with these cats and rescue organisations.I wanted to bridge that gap and make it simple for anyone, even those without a technical background, to browse and adopt a cat in need. ‘Meow’ is not just an app; it's a platform where people can discover heartwarming stories of these resilient cats and offer them a chance at a better life.2. Domain detailsShortly, we should focus on our subject, the catStory: name, breed, gender, age, health problems, description- name: the cat's temporally name (after adoption the person might or not change the cat’s name)- breed: the specific breed or, if unknown, an indication of its appearance- gender: whether the cat is male or female- age: the cat's approximate age- health_problems: any health issues or special needs the cat may have, if there is any- description: a detailed and heartwarming description that highlights the cat's personality, interests, and needs, 			providing potential adopters with a genuine connection to each cat's story;			this description is a key element in helping users make an informed and compassionate decision to adopt3. CRUD- When using “Meow”, we want to be able to add a new cat to the list when we find a homeless one or if we have kittens and we cannot keep them.So in order for this one to be adopted, we are thinking of a button, which redirects to a separate page. Here, we can enter all the necessary information for the cat and our personal email so in this way people can reach us when they are adopting.- We want to have the option of listing all the registered cats together. Here, we have for each item of list options for open details or edit details.- Not every person is an expert in cats and some details like: breed, gender, age and health problems can be mistaken, reason why it is mandatory to give the user the possibility to modify the notes. We consider that a button for "update" is intuitive and by pressing it, the user will be redirected to a new page, in the same manner as for the "add" option, except the name and description cannot be modified.- In order for a cat to be adopted you cannot delete it only if you take her/ him home. Because the purpose of this app is to help each animal isregistered to be taken to their new home. That’s why when you adopt a cat it will happen a delete operation, because the information of thatspecific cat will not be in the list anymore.4. Persistence details- We believe that the persistence is vital to our application, so we want it to be both connected to a local database and a server. This would make “Meow” available online and offline too. For adding/ updating/ deleting a cat we want to store the changes both ways, so they would be persisted on the server and on the local database too.- When the user is online, the data for listing our entities is taken from the server (so updates are reflected immediately).- When the user is offline, the temporary data is taken from the local database.5. Details on what is happening when the device is offline.- In this case, we want to develop an application which lets the user to add, remove and modify entries locally. In this way, changes will persist only locally in the database. When the application is used offline, all the operations performed store the information locally:- the entities created are stored in the local database- the read operation is performed on the locally saved entities- the update operation goes for the locally saved entities- the delete operation is performed on the local database- When the application goes back online, all the changes on the local database are transmitted to the server. - As long as there is no internet connection, the notes are available only with the properties previously saved in the database.